You are enough
I know that our Chen family divorced you.
You hold a grudge
But I promised to compensate you.
May I ask if you are so
Do you know how important Zhenbei Army is to the building?
You know that this investment promotion will be for my Chen family
How important is it?
Erroneous duty syndrome like yours
It is precisely because I know Zhenbei
The importance of the army to Great Xia
I know better how important this investment promotion will be to your Chen family
So I still choose to give you a chance.
Go to the martyrs cemetery to kneel and apologize
Why do you still want to use violence to force me into submission?
Why didn't I notice how cruel and powerless you were before?
Vicious belt disease
The darkness is as cruel as no one
I'm going to ask you one last time
Do you want this opportunity or not?
What do I want you to be?
Dare to stand in front of the swallow
You jump up and down in front of all the wealthy families
Really when we swallow
All four families and our Shenglong Group
This reputation is groundless
It's just a fat pier with broken bones
What's the difference with a junkyard?
Take it apart
You kid mutilated the officers of the Zhengbei Army
I think you have the great sin of being a fool a hundred times in life and death
Such a crime
Don't talk about you now
8 years ago
You can't afford the first young master of a wealthy family
He must be trying to blame the gods
To make the Great Xia royal family angry
And then...
Take back this white order that should belong to us.
Can't you work overtime?
old man
How do you serve our Chen family?
Without such a vicious beast?
White clothes order
That's all the rich families in Rangindu
Beneficial projects
If you say so
Then I understand too
I undercut its meaning
Cut this kid to pieces